welcome back for another champions
league preview today we will be talking
about the quarterfinal playoff between
barcelona spain and milan italy the
first match will take place on march
28th at Milan at the stadio giuseppe
meazza in milan italy the second match
will be on april third at barcelona at
camp no in barcelona spain now for some
facts in the UEFA ranking Barcelona's
ranked at first and Milan drink at 11th
barcelona have already wanted for
Champions League titles but Milan have
won seven times Barcelona one group
eight with 16 of a possible 18 points
with five wins one draw and no losses
the only game they didn't win was
against Milan in Barcelona Milan came in
second in Group H with nine of the
possible 18 points with two wins three
draws and one loss until eating goal
scorers barcelona's lionel messi leads
the team with 12 goals in seven matches
with pedro rodriguez having four goals
in seven matches and david via coming in
close behind with three goals in four
matches Milan Zlatan Ibrahimovic has
five goals in six matches with
kevin-prince boateng having three goals
in five matches and Robinho coming in
close behind with three goals in six
matches now on two cards Barcelona's
Daniel Elvis has three yellows and
Carlos Puyol has two yellow cards for
Milan Alberto Aquilani has one red card
van bommel and ambrosini have three
yellow cards each and no sereno has two
yellow cards the cards are important
because this usually shows who the more
aggressive players are and who was most
likely committed hard fouls in future
games it is my opinion that Barcelona
will win this quarterfinal playoff they
have the best team in the tournament
Milan is good at starting games but they
just can't seem to finish off matches
when these two teams met in the group
stages Barcelona one in Milan and tied
at home this is definitely the biggest
match of the quarterfinals Messi is
great player but if his teammates don't
play good then Milan will definitely
have a chance to succeed the winner of
this playoff will play against the
winner of the Bing fika chelsea player
thanks for watching I hope you enjoyed
the video and I would love to get your
opinion on the outcome of when these two
teams meet in the playoff so don't
forget to comment down below and if you
found the video informative and liked it
please click the like button and don't
forget to subscribe thanks for what